LoggingPlugin: Support to customize log_file from hook (#4752)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/logging.rst

* ``log_file_format``
* ``log_file_date_format``

> You can call ``set_log_filename()`` to customize log_file path dinamically::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call ``set_log_filename()`` to customize the log_file path dynamically::
```

Author: Thank you for the review. The typo is fixed, and also commits are squashed and rebased.

> You can call ``set_log_path()`` to customize the log_file path dynamically::

Reviewer 2: I think it is enough here to mention that this feature is experimental.

Author: Thank you, fixed

Reviewer 3: I think we should add the example hook (that was part of  https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest/commit/77b0dd3f95693be67528f7afb449eca9a79d026a once this feature is no longer experimental.

Author: Thanks @thisch. I am agreed with you. I will take a note for myself about this. Is there a best practice to not forgot this kind of future changes?

Reviewer 3: I would simply create a ticket for this.
